I wanted to add a quick note on client side writing.
I know I kind of brushed over the topic.
But here's the general idea.
Client side of routing happens when a route is handle internally by javascript that's loaded on the
page.
So that's something that we're going to see later on in the course when we work with our smart brain
app.
And that's how most client side render apps work.
We're handling the routing with javascript because we're now using server side rendering like the old
web pages that meet a request each time to the browser.
Any time the rule changes the state of our application would also change.
Now the main difference between client side rendering and server side rendering is that with client
side rendering you don't have to refresh the entire page.
Let's go back to our example if I just have the a tag.
So let's comment this out.
And I'm going to remove the comment from our e-tag.
So this is now doing server side rendering.
If I go back to my page I'm going to refresh and if I click the About page you'll see a flash.
There you go.
And you also see that all these requests were made to get the About page the entire web page or the
entire page was reloaded.
And if I go back again same thing that's server side rendering.
Now if I use the link tag
and let's comment this out again and I save here if I refresh the initial load downloads everything.
But now if I click on About You see that only part of the page that is infected gets loaded.
In our case is the about Dot js file and if we go back again because our indexed dot js file has already
been loaded you won't see it anywhere here.
And if I go about again again everything's already loaded.
So we don't have to go back to the server again.
That is something really really nice that comes with next access.